She’s been told before
No one does it like her
Automated war
I’m the newest king
Of your tragedy
(WAR)
See the consequences?
It was your decision!
(WAR)
Submit to me, my mission
Praise me
(WAR)
(now, now)
Take you
To my new nirvana
You got what you wanted
Blood runs on me, come alive
And now I'll
tear, tear
Tear you
DOWN!
You said I’m crazy, here’s insane
I swear I'll put you all to shame
In the end, it was just too fucking good to regret
Regret
Elevated, a new predator
I'm the apex, and you made it so
I'm a god now, when I level up
Oh, think I like it, I'm so
Destructive, hear my voices
When you realize, you're all doomed
Take you
To my new nirvana
You got what you wanted
Blood runs on me, come alive
And now I'll
tear, tear
Tear you
DOWN!
You said I’m crazy, here’s insane
I swear I'll put you all to shame
In the end, it was just too fucking good to regret
Regret
BOOM!
I'll make you scream my name
lo-louder, beg me uh
BOOM!
I'll come alive now
Silly me, I guess I lost control
Out of mind, out of body
Nobody knows
What's in my soul
BOOM!
(You said I'm crazy)
(Here’s in-sane-sane-sane)
(I'll come ali-live now)
BOOM!
(Scream my name lo-louder, beg me uh)
Now I'll tear you
DOWN!
You said I’m crazy, here’s insane
I swear I'll put you all to shame
In the end, it was just too fucking good to regret
Regret